beer($4)


barstool($10)


shot-of-whiskey($6)


complete-floor($100)


peanut($0.1)


pickled-egg($1)


dartgun($20)

comic-book1($4)


comic-book2($8)


comic-book3($10)


action-figure($10)

 
40-sided-die($20)


cheeto-value-pak($15)


limited-release-RadioMan#1($100)

Homer With Happiness: 21 $57 purchases:0

Lenny With Happiness: 58 $212 purchases:0

Milhouse With Happiness: 100 $49 purchases:0

Bart With Happiness: 73 $250 purchases:0

Edna Krabappel With Happiness: 67 $49 purchases:0

Otto Mann With Happiness: 90 $78 purchases:0

Ned Flanders With Happiness: 13 $143 purchases:0

Rod Flanders With Happiness: 49 $175 purchases:0

Marge With Happiness: 44 $45 purchases:0

Krusty With Happiness: 76 $64 purchases:0

Disco Stu With Happiness: 77 $129 purchases:0

Dolph With Happiness: 16 $24 purchases:0

Dr. Hibbert With Happiness: 100 $23 purchases:0

Barney With Happiness: 67 $184 purchases:0

Rev. Lovejoy With Happiness: 56 $166 purchases:0

Martin With Happiness: 36 $177 purchases:0

Smihers With Happiness: 10 $37 purchases:0

Groundskeeper Willie With Happiness: 28 $225 purchases:0

Ralph Wiggum With Happiness: 57 $220 purchases:0

Apu Nahasapeemapetilon With Happiness: 54 $167 purchases:0

Milhouse has bought comic-book1($4)


Otto Mann has bought comic-book1($4)


Disco Stu has bought 
action-figure($10)


Smihers has bought comic-book1($4)


Lenny has bought 
peanut($0.1)


Groundskeeper Willie has bought 
peanut($0.1)


Ralph Wiggum stole a
action-figure($10)
 from 
Disco Stu
Otto Mann threw a comic-book1($4)
 at 
Barney

Smihers threw a comic-book1($4)
 at 
Apu Nahasapeemapetilon

Lenny threw a 
peanut($0.1)
 at 
Rod Flanders

Bart stole acomic-book1($4)
 from 
Milhouse
Rev. Lovejoy threw a 
complete-floor($100)
 at 
Ned Flanders

Ralph Wiggum isn't crazy!

Marge isn't crazy!

Otto Mann has gone bonkers and have been shipped to  Shelbyville's House of desperation for your protection.

Milhouse isn't crazy!

Smihers isn't crazy!

Lenny isn't crazy!

Krusty isn't crazy!

Martin isn't crazy!

Disco Stu isn't crazy!
Homer has gone bonkers and have been shipped to  Shelbyville's House of desperation for your protection.

Groundskeeper Willie isn't crazy!

Apu Nahasapeemapetilon isn't crazy!

Rod Flanders has gone bonkers and have been shipped to  Shelbyville's House of desperation for your protection.

Dr. Hibbert isn't crazy!

Ned Flanders has gone bonkers and have been shipped to  Shelbyville's House of desperation for your protection.

Rev. Lovejoy isn't crazy!

Barney isn't crazy!

Bart has gone bonkers and have been shipped to  Shelbyville's House of desperation for your protection.

Dolph isn't crazy!

Edna Krabappel isn't crazy!
=========================================================
=========================================================

Ralph Wiggum With Happiness: 82 $220 purchases:1
 
action-figure($10)


Marge With Happiness: 29 $45 purchases:0

Milhouse With Happiness: 70 $45 purchases:0

Smihers With Happiness: 30 $33 purchases:0

Lenny With Happiness: 78 $211.9 purchases:0

Krusty With Happiness: 41 $64 purchases:0

Martin With Happiness: 31 $177 purchases:0

Disco Stu With Happiness: 47 $119 purchases:0

Groundskeeper Willie With Happiness: 38 $224.9 purchases:1
 
peanut($0.1)


Apu Nahasapeemapetilon With Happiness: 29 $167 purchases:0

Dr. Hibbert With Happiness: 75 $23 purchases:0

Rev. Lovejoy With Happiness: 66 $66 purchases:0

Barney With Happiness: 22 $184 purchases:0

Dolph With Happiness: 11 $24 purchases:0

Edna Krabappel With Happiness: 62 $49 purchases:0

Martin has bought 
comic-book3($10)


Disco Stu has bought 
cheeto-value-pak($15)


Krusty has bought 
dartgun($20)


Groundskeeper Willie has bought 
shot-of-whiskey($6)


Dr. Hibbert has bought 
barstool($10)


Krusty stole a
shot-of-whiskey($6)
 from 
Groundskeeper Willie
Dr. Hibbert stole a
barstool($10)
 from 
Dr. Hibbert
Ralph Wiggum threw a 
action-figure($10)
 at 
Groundskeeper Willie

Martin isn't crazy!

Milhouse isn't crazy!

Rev. Lovejoy isn't crazy!

Krusty isn't crazy!

Dolph has gone bonkers and have been shipped to  Shelbyville's House of desperation for your protection.

Lenny isn't crazy!

Edna Krabappel isn't crazy!

Disco Stu isn't crazy!

Barney isn't crazy!

Apu Nahasapeemapetilon has gone bonkers and have been shipped to  Shelbyville's House of desperation for your protection.

Marge has gone bonkers and have been shipped to  Shelbyville's House of desperation for your protection.

Ralph Wiggum isn't crazy!

Dr. Hibbert has gone bonkers and have been shipped to  Shelbyville's House of desperation for your protection.

Groundskeeper Willie has gone bonkers and have been shipped to  Shelbyville's House of desperation for your protection.

Smihers has gone bonkers and have been shipped to  Shelbyville's House of desperation for your protection.
=========================================================
=========================================================

Martin With Happiness: 41 $167 purchases:1
 
comic-book3($10)


Milhouse With Happiness: 45 $45 purchases:0

Rev. Lovejoy With Happiness: 41 $66 purchases:0

Krusty With Happiness: 81 $44 purchases:2
 
dartgun($20)

 
shot-of-whiskey($6)


Lenny With Happiness: 53 $211.9 purchases:0

Edna Krabappel With Happiness: 47 $49 purchases:0

Disco Stu With Happiness: 57 $104 purchases:1
 
cheeto-value-pak($15)


Barney With Happiness: 17 $184 purchases:0

Ralph Wiggum With Happiness: 87 $220 purchases:0

Rev. Lovejoy has bought beer($4)


Lenny has bought 
barstool($10)


Ralph Wiggum stole a
cheeto-value-pak($15)
 from 
Disco Stu
Martin threw a 
comic-book3($10)
 at 
Rev. Lovejoy

Krusty threw a 
shot-of-whiskey($6)
 at 
Ralph Wiggum

Rev. Lovejoy stole a
complete-floor($100)
 from 
Barney
Ralph Wiggum has gone bonkers and have been shipped to  Shelbyville's House of desperation for your protection.

Barney has gone bonkers and have been shipped to  Shelbyville's House of desperation for your protection.

Lenny isn't crazy!

Disco Stu isn't crazy!

Edna Krabappel isn't crazy!

Martin isn't crazy!

Krusty isn't crazy!

Rev. Lovejoy isn't crazy!

Milhouse isn't crazy!
=========================================================
=========================================================

Lenny With Happiness: 63 $201.9 purchases:1
 
barstool($10)


Disco Stu With Happiness: 32 $104 purchases:0

Edna Krabappel With Happiness: 42 $49 purchases:0

Martin With Happiness: 46 $167 purchases:0

Krusty With Happiness: 76 $44 purchases:1
 
dartgun($20)


Rev. Lovejoy With Happiness: 61 $62 purchases:2
 beer($4)

 
complete-floor($100)


Milhouse With Happiness: 20 $45 purchases:0

Krusty stole a
dartgun($20)
 from 
Krusty
Edna Krabappel stole a
dartgun($20)
 from 
Krusty
Martin isn't crazy!

Rev. Lovejoy isn't crazy!

Krusty isn't crazy!

Disco Stu has gone bonkers and have been shipped to  Shelbyville's House of desperation for your protection.

Lenny isn't crazy!

Milhouse isn't crazy!

Edna Krabappel isn't crazy!
=========================================================
=========================================================

Martin With Happiness: 21 $167 purchases:0

Rev. Lovejoy With Happiness: 56 $62 purchases:2
 beer($4)

 
complete-floor($100)


Krusty With Happiness: 61 $44 purchases:0

Lenny With Happiness: 58 $201.9 purchases:1
 
barstool($10)


Milhouse With Happiness: 15 $45 purchases:0

Edna Krabappel With Happiness: 67 $49 purchases:1
 
dartgun($20)


Martin has bought  
40-sided-die($20)


Krusty has bought 
shot-of-whiskey($6)


Lenny has bought 
complete-floor($100)


Edna Krabappel has bought 
dartgun($20)


Lenny stole abeer($4)
 from 
Rev. Lovejoy
Martin threw a  
40-sided-die($20)
 at 
Krusty

Edna Krabappel stole a
barstool($10)
 from 
Lenny
Rev. Lovejoy stole a
complete-floor($100)
 from 
Lenny
Krusty threw a 
shot-of-whiskey($6)
 at 
Milhouse

Lenny isn't crazy!

Martin isn't crazy!

Edna Krabappel has gone bonkers and have been shipped to  Shelbyville's House of desperation for your protection.

Krusty isn't crazy!

Milhouse has gone bonkers and have been shipped to  Shelbyville's House of desperation for your protection.

Rev. Lovejoy isn't crazy!
=========================================================
=========================================================

Lenny With Happiness: 58 $101.9 purchases:1
 
complete-floor($100)


Martin With Happiness: 41 $147 purchases:0

Krusty With Happiness: 61 $38 purchases:0

Rev. Lovejoy With Happiness: 51 $62 purchases:2
 
complete-floor($100)

 
complete-floor($100)


Krusty has bought 
barstool($10)


Rev. Lovejoy has bought 
pickled-egg($1)


Lenny stole a
complete-floor($100)
 from 
Lenny
Rev. Lovejoy stole a
complete-floor($100)
 from 
Rev. Lovejoy
Krusty stole a
barstool($10)
 from 
Krusty
Lenny isn't crazy!

Rev. Lovejoy isn't crazy!

Krusty isn't crazy!

Martin isn't crazy!
=========================================================
=========================================================

Lenny With Happiness: 63 $101.9 purchases:1
 
complete-floor($100)


Rev. Lovejoy With Happiness: 71 $61 purchases:3
 
complete-floor($100)

 
complete-floor($100)

 
pickled-egg($1)


Krusty With Happiness: 81 $28 purchases:1
 
barstool($10)


Martin With Happiness: 16 $147 purchases:0

Lenny has bought 
barstool($10)


Krusty stole a
barstool($10)
 from 
Krusty
Lenny stole a
complete-floor($100)
 from 
Lenny
Rev. Lovejoy stole a
complete-floor($100)
 from 
Rev. Lovejoy
Krusty isn't crazy!

Martin isn't crazy!

Lenny isn't crazy!

Rev. Lovejoy isn't crazy!
=========================================================
=========================================================

Krusty With Happiness: 86 $28 purchases:1
 
barstool($10)


Martin With Happiness: 11 $147 purchases:0

Lenny With Happiness: 83 $91.9 purchases:2
 
barstool($10)

 
barstool($10)


Rev. Lovejoy With Happiness: 76 $61 purchases:3
 
complete-floor($100)

 
pickled-egg($1)

 
pickled-egg($1)


Lenny has bought 
dartgun($20)


Rev. Lovejoy stole a
dartgun($20)
 from 
Lenny
Krusty stole a
pickled-egg($1)
 from 
Rev. Lovejoy
Lenny stole a
pickled-egg($1)
 from 
Krusty
Martin has gone bonkers and have been shipped to  Shelbyville's House of desperation for your protection.

Lenny has gone bonkers and have been shipped to  Shelbyville's House of desperation for your protection.

Krusty isn't crazy!

Rev. Lovejoy isn't crazy!
=========================================================
=========================================================

Krusty With Happiness: 81 $28 purchases:1
 
barstool($10)


Rev. Lovejoy With Happiness: 81 $61 purchases:3
 
complete-floor($100)

 
pickled-egg($1)

 
pickled-egg($1)


Rev. Lovejoy has bought 
shot-of-whiskey($6)


Rev. Lovejoy stole a
pickled-egg($1)
 from 
Rev. Lovejoy
Krusty stole a
complete-floor($100)
 from 
Rev. Lovejoy
Rev. Lovejoy isn't crazy!

Krusty has gone bonkers and have been shipped to  Shelbyville's House of desperation for your protection.
=========================================================
=========================================================

Rev. Lovejoy With Happiness: 81 $55 purchases:3
 
pickled-egg($1)

 
pickled-egg($1)

 
shot-of-whiskey($6)

The people who left Springfield are the happiest!
But they're crazy, so who cares?! They have won the Real World Business Adventure!
-Throws confetti sarcastically-
